Rework production install docs to use an Ansible-driven process (#3278)
girder/girder: docs/plugins.rst

authentication. Documentation of the LDAP standard in general can be found
`here <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lightweight_Directory_Access_Protocol>`_.

> Installation of this plugin requires some system libraries:

Reviewer: "Installation of this plugin requires LDAP and SASL shared libraries to be installed and available to the Girder process. These may be installed system-wide via package managers in the following way:"

Author: @zachmullen Can you just make an inline "change suggestion", with the GH? I'll be happy to apply it.

> Installation of this plugin requires some system libraries:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installation of this plugin requires LDAP and SASL shared libraries to be installed and available to the Girder process. These may be installed system-wide via package managers in the following way:
```

Is that sufficient? Never used this feature before.

Author: Yup. I've just edited your comment to add some line breaks.

#webide4lyfe

* On Ubnutu 18.04, install the ``libldap2-dev`` and ``libsasl2-dev`` APT packages.

> * On RHEL (CentOS) 7, install the ``openldap-devel`` and ``cyrus-sasl-devel`` RPM packages.

Reviewer 2: Why provide RHEL advice here? Everything else is Ubuntu. I think it's better to not have any RHEL leakage.

Author: I don't feel strongly. Perhaps this knowledge was hard-won, and we want to preserve it? Since this isn't the overall installation tutorial, I'd be more ok with including information about other platforms.

@zachmullen is both the author of this plugin and perhaps one of the most likely to need to install on a RHEL system. I'm happy to defer to him.

Reviewer: I don't have strong feelings either. This plugin is unusual in that it requires native (non-python) shared libraries to be available, so to me it's OK that it has these instructions. But if we don't want to enumerate platforms, we can just remove these and say "install the following shared libraries on your system" and then enumerate them. (I think it's just `libldap` and `libsasl` but I can't remember for sure.) At which point it'll be up to each user to google it for themselves.

Reviewer 2: I withdraw my request, reasoning is: it's possibly better to preserve this info than it is to preserve purity.
